[Notifier] [SMSense] add docs (#19534)
symfony/symfony-docs: notifier.rst

.. versionadded:: 7.1

>     The `SmsSluzba, SMSense`_ integration was introduced in Symfony 7.1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The `SmsSluzba`_ and  `SMSense`_ integrations were introduced in Symfony 7.1.
```
